Borussia Dortmund has 2010
that would be her here
35 goals
37 points
this is Bundesliga Blackhawks
I have to say it was very hard the bad case one of the cheapest
smart injuries or damage to the side two great options "Yes we
have and superhero
but a total of 20 28 percent at 10 altogether too few options "Yes
that was the problem then you had to be a bit lucky that we did that
Warnings Stander that was long overdue because
a very good standards lay six weeks though
Aldi Vetorecht house present as well as taste should be discussed and
the Confederation of Expellees
there the water today
the growth that we could reach now but also wanted to achieve »and
"That was very difficult today
really hard piece of work until estimated
with the choice of the right middle in the second half then you have to stop
had won completely deservedly
Business School, but we know that they playfully take minutes, that's one
Experience as a footballer Lappen adult area then already makes and
they speak the hammer already the feeling that there again and again
that such a thing can happen but was so favored Petersen reserved
other than you have to say very important why is that different from you want
the negative
to take sleeping in the cabin we have to do the positive that is
Nonsense that is too
that too lucky nobody has to say more
you saw that on board today
this should be valued again about his soul
In the world, if a person turns out to be very mean in autumn
dizzying weeks back over zero is neither
Percent after taxes
So it is said that everything is possible
quite frankly it's not that great of those easy points or about that in
this heavy chunk today
BW 7 points beyond that, nothing happened and
Accordingly, everything else that others say we say is completely wrong